# Machine Learning with Python

### What is not machine learning?
We often hear the terms unsupervised learning, statistical learning, data mining, optimization, deep learning, statistics, supervised learning, reinforcement learning, artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, just to name a few. 
What do these terms really mean? Aren't they the same thing? If not, how do they relate to each other? 
Let's begin with statistics and machine learning. It is true that machine learning does borrow a lot of concepts from statistics. However, machine learning also does borrow a lot of concepts from information theory, calculus, algebra, engineering, and even biology. It's important to note that the objective of machine learning is often different from that of statistical modeling. Machine learning is mostly concerned with results in the form of predictions. In other words, machine learning is useful in trying to accurately predict what to expect to happen in the future. This is the focus and strength of machine learning models. Statistical models, on the other hand, are mostly concerned with the relationship between variables. This is known as inference. With a statistical model, we want to understand what happens to variable B as a result of a change in variable A. While we can sometimes use a statistical model to make predictions, that is not its strength. The overlap between the approaches using machine learning and those using statistical modeling are often referred to as statistical learning. 
Next, let's take a look at the terms machine learning, data mining, and optimization. These terms refer to approaches that are closely related. They represent the different branches in the broad field of data science. Similar to the difference between machine learning and statistics, the difference between machine learning and data mining also have to do with the end goal. As mentioned earlier, machine learning approaches are primarily focused on prediction. They make predictions based on the known properties of the data. Data mining, on the other hand, is focused on the discovery of previously unknown properties in data. In the field of business analytics, machine learning is also known as predictive analytics. Data mining is also known as descriptive analytics. And optimization is also known as prescriptive analytics. We use descriptive analytics to track and analyze existing data in order to identify new patterns. We use predictive analytics to analyze past trends in order to predict the likelihood of future outcomes. And we use prescriptive analytics to recommend actions based on prior performance. 
Next, let's take a look at the remaining set of terms to see how they relate to each other. We often hear about deep learning. Deep learning is one of many machine learning approaches that fall under the umbrella of supervised machine learning. Supervised learning, along with reinforcement learning and unsupervised learning, make up the three major branches of machine learning. 
Finally, though the terms are often used interchangeably, machine learning is not the same thing as artificial intelligence or AI. Machine learning is a subfield in artificial intelligence. In other words, all machine learning is AI, but not all AI is machine learning. Artificial intelligence is a large field in computer science that deals with the simulation of intelligent behavior in computers. This includes behaviors such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages.
